c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\obj\Debug\GetYoutubeVideoList.csproj.App.config
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\obj\Debug\GetYoutubeVideoList.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\GetYoutubeVideoList.dll.config
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\GetYoutubeVideoList.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\GetYoutubeVideoList.pdb
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.pdb
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\obj\Debug\GetYoutubeVideoList.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\obj\Debug\GetYoutubeVideoList.pdb
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\GCUtility.dll
c:\users\giuseppe\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\GCUtility.xml
C:\Users\Giuseppe\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\EPPlus.dll
C:\Users\Giuseppe\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\EPPlus.xml
C:\Users\Giuseppe\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\ClouDeveloper.Log4net.CallerInfo.dll
C:\Users\Giuseppe\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\ClouDeveloper.Log4net.CallerInfo.xml
C:\Users\Giuseppe\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.Books.v1.dll
C:\Users\Giuseppe\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.Books.v1.pdb
C:\Users\Giuseppe\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GetYoutubeVideoList\GetYoutubeVideoList\bin\Google.Apis.Books.v1.xml
